OADP 1309 GCP WIF (#66071)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-installing-dpa.adoc

        provider: {provider}
        default: true
        credential:
          key: cloud <5>
          name: {credentials} <6>
        objectStorage:
          bucket: <bucket_name> <7>
          prefix: <prefix> <8>
  snapshotLocations: <9>
    - velero:
        provider: {provider}
        default: true
        config:

>           project: <project>

Reviewer: project: <project>
  project: <gcp-project-id>

          snapshotLocation: us-west1 <10>
----
<1> The `openshift` plugin is mandatory.
<2> Specify how many minutes to wait for several Velero resources before timeout occurs, such as Velero CRD availability, volumeSnapshot deletion, and backup repository availability. The default is 10m.
<3> Set to `false`, if you want to disable the Restic installation. Restic deploys a daemon set, which means that each worker node has `Restic` pods running. You can configure Restic for backups by adding `spec.defaultVolumesToRestic: true` to the `Backup` CR.
<4> Specify on which nodes Restic is available. By default, Restic runs on all nodes.

> <5> For Google WIF cloud authentication use the `service_account.json`, which is `cloud-credentials-gcp`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<5> Secret key that contain credentials. For Google WIF cloud authentication use the `service_account.json` for key.
```

`which is cloud-credentials-gcp` which is part of <6> which I think is covered already by 
> <6> If you do not specify this value, the default name, `{credentials}`

so I think perhaps we can remove this one

Reviewer 2: IIUC {credentials} for GCP would show up as `cloud-credentials-gcp` based on [this](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/5759fa681dd1cf3ac9262ce7ce88b2aea12dceeb/backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/installing/installing-oadp-gcp.adoc?plain=1#L7)

Author: @kaovilai 
You are correct the {credentials} for GCP display as `cloud-credentials-gcp`.

So with and without the Google WIF authentication the DPA stays the same?

Author: @kaovilai 

Is this what should be written in <5> key & <6> name:

<5> Secret key that contain credentials.
<6> If you do not specify this value, the default name, `{credentials}`, is used. If you specify a custom name, the custom name is used for the backup location. For Google WIF cloud authentication use the `service_account.json.`

Reviewer 2: Almost. Sorry. I'll write <5> and <6> here.
```
<5> Secret key that contain credentials. For Google WIF cloud authentication use service_account.json.
<6> Secret name that contains credentials If you do not specify this value, the default name, {credentials}, is used. 
```

Author: Thank you!

Author: @kaovilai 
Can I send this to QE for review?

Reviewer 2: yes. please send to qe for review.

> <5> Secret key that contain credentials. For Google WIF cloud authentication use `service_account.json`.

Reviewer 3: Same as in the other module re "WIF"

> <6> Secret name that contains credentials. If you do not specify this value, the default name, {credentials}, is used.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<6> Secret name that contains credentials. If you do not specify this value, the default name, `{credentials}`, is used.
```

Author: @kaovilai 
Can these changes in the Installing DPA be applied to OADP 1.2 or should they only be applied to the Installing DPA of 1.3?
